elife edits after review (#21)
greenelab/nature_news_manuscript: content/02.introduction.md

In researching a story, a journalist will typically interview multiple sources for their opinion, potentially asking for additional sources, thus allowing individual unconscious biases at any point along the interview chain to skew scientific coverage broadly.
In addition, the repeated selection of a small set of field experts or the approach a journalist takes in establishing a new source may intensify existing biases [@https://www.theopennotebook.com/2016/08/23/including-diverse-voices-in-science-stories; @https://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2016/02/gender-diversity-journalism/463023; @https://www.theatlantic.com/science/archive/2018/02/i-spent-two-years-trying-to-fix-the-gender-imbalance-in-my-stories/552404].
While disparities in representation may go unnoticed in a single article, analyzing a large corpus of articles can identify and quantify these disparities and help guide institutional and individual self-reflection.

> In the same vein as previous media studies [@doi:10.1177/0003122415596999; @doi:10.1080/1461670X.2013.834149; @doi:10.1177/0163443711418272; @doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0148434; @https://www.poynter.org/reporting-editing/2013/lack-of-female-sources-in-new-york-times-stories-spotlights-need-for-change; @https://whomakesthenews.org/gmmp-2015-reports], we sought to quantify differences in representation across percieved identities of gender and ethnicity beyond the existing demographic differences in the scientific field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the same vein as previous media studies [@doi:10.1177/0003122415596999; @doi:10.1080/1461670X.2013.834149; @doi:10.1177/0163443711418272; @doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0148434; @https://www.poynter.org/reporting-editing/2013/lack-of-female-sources-in-new-york-times-stories-spotlights-need-for-change; @https://whomakesthenews.org/gmmp-2015-reports], we sought to quantify differences in representation across predicted of gender and name origin beyond the existing demographic differences in the scientific field.
```

 
Through our analysis of 22,001 news articles, we were able to identify >88,000 quotes and >15,000 citations with sufficient speaker or author information. <!-- check citation number -->
We also identified first and last authors of >10,000 _Nature_ papers.

> We then identified possible differences in percieved gender or ethnicity using the extracted names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We then identified possible differences in predicted gender or name origin using the extracted names.
```
